okay Tom eyes out behind the gate okay
tell him I goes in candy boy
California chrome teletext allowed
behind the line
here's opportunity coming up vadimus is
the next
California chrome walks up into the gate
and candy boy hasn't been to the races
since 12 months ago is loaded away is
one more teletext
has moved ahead get stirred up down in
gate for teletext moves in Shane Ryan
has the button gates fly they're racing
in the debye World Cup candy boy venom
are slow to go teletext not showing a
great deal of pace and keen ice cannot
use the inside masha wish came out very
quickly and Frankie Tottori goes looking
for the lead special fighter chases him
california chrome quickly whips up to be
third gun pit fourth and then moved to
hinge frosted venomous and candy boy on
the rail a lengthened a half away hook
go to the my on the outside of key nice
a break of five links to opportunity
Intelli takes is three-quarters of a
length away at the tape of the field as
the will cap peeled heads to the back
after leaving a quarter behind in 25.3
marsha wish a half lengths in front
special fighter is second California
Chrome's a half length away and he is
three wide moved to hitch fourth on the
inside of young pit a length into
frosted traveling three deep venomous in
the middle candy boy on the rail a
length away came hop go to the my and
then key nice following the fence
opportunity is second last and tella
ticks whip the field in after 800 was
left behind in 48.9 they're leaving the
back they leaving the 800 meters mark
behind and Frankie Blake's play marcia
wish in front by a neck I'm a special
fighter moth to hitch getting up on the
rail the leader has left the fence
california chrome is now posted for deep
frosted letting go he'll be 5 wide on
the turn then came candy boy can pit and
opportunity as they flatten for the run
of the judge california crime out
loomed up Monsieur wish in the center
mob did on the rail they get away from
special fighter but California chrome
has gone into overdrive he's two lengths
in front he's clear of move to hedge
battling on then Monsieur wish but it's
California chrome in front its alchemy
in Dubai chrome turns to gold
California chrome wins the debye World
Cup from up the hedge and opportunity
then special fighter candy boy key nice
mature wish and frosted a break to Jaco
tena my a long gap to teletext venomous
and gun pit came in last of all in the
debye World Cup of 2016 the script